Update WALLET.md with instructions on how to install on an M1 (#2611)
valora-inc/wallet: WALLET.md

1. The M1 comes with a preinstalled version of Ruby that doesn't work with this repository.

2. The build process that gets executed with `yarn dev:ios` is not able to finish with `nvm` installed.

3. Running the necessary scripts with an M1-native node version will not work.

4. It is currently not possible to run the repository in the integrated VSCode terminal.

5. It is not possible to run the repository when the containing folder is located anywhere within `Documents` or `Desktop`.

##### Solution

1. Make sure all necessary software (VS Code, Terminal/iTerm2, XCode, Simulator) is running with Rosetta. You can verify this by typing `arch` in your terminal.

```console
$ arch
-> i386
```

2. Reinstall `brew` with x86_64 architecture:

```console
arch -x86_64 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh)"
```

3. (optional) add your different brew installation paths as aliases to your `.zshrc`:

```bash
alias ibrew='arch -x86_64 /usr/local/bin/brew'
alias mbrew='arch -arm64e /opt/homebrew/bin/brew'
```

4. Install [`rbenv`](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) on Intel architecture:

```console
ibrew install rbenv
```

> 4.1. Add rbenv initialization to your `.zshrc`:
> 
> ```bash
> eval "$(rbenv init - zsh)"
> ```

Reviewer: nit: `rbenv` detects the shell automatically when not provided:
```suggestion
4.1. Add rbenv initialization to your shell. For instance in `.zshrc` or `.bashrc`:

```bash
eval "$(rbenv init -)"
```
```

```console
rbenv install 2.7.6
rbenv global 2.7.6
```

6. Install the required node version from [`.nvmrc`](/.nvmrc) with Intel architecture (If you have it installed under M1 architecture already, uninstall):

```console
(nvm uninstall 16.5.0)
nvm install 16.5.0
nvm use
```

Verify that node is using x64 architecture:

```console
node -e 'console.log(process.arch)'
-> x64
```

7. The build script will fail if `node` + `npm` and `yarn` have been installed through `brew`. Please uninstall them through brew (the nvm installations will still be there) and install them through `nvm`:

```console

brew uninstall npm yarn node

which node
->  /Users/[youruser]/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/node

nvm install-latest-npm
which npm
-> /Users/[youruser]/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/npm

npm install -g yarn
 which yarn
-> /Users/[youruser]/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/yarn
```

8. Now verify that everything is correct for the build:

```console
which ruby
-> /opt/homebrew/opt/rbenv/shims/ruby

which node
-> /Users/[youruser]/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/node

node -e 'console.log(process.arch)'
-> x64

which npm
-> /Users/[youruser]/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/npm

which yarn

> -> /Users/simo/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/yarn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> /Users/[youruser]/.nvm/versions/node/v16.15.0/bin/yarn
```

And the app should be running in the simulator! If you run into any issues, see below for troubleshooting.

#### Install on an M1

Currently it is not possible to install the wallet natively. There are a few problems that need to be addressed before being able to run the repo on an M1:

1. The M1 comes with a preinstalled version of Ruby that doesn't work with this repository.

2. The build process that gets executed with `yarn dev:ios` is not able to finish with `nvm` installed.

> 3. Running the necessary scripts with an M1-native node version will not wor.

Reviewer 2: typo: `wor` -> `work`

4. It is currently not possible to run the repository in the integrated VSCode terminal.

5. It is not possible to run the repository when the containing folder is located anywhere within `Documents` or `Desktop`.

##### Solution

1. Make sure all necessary software (VS Code, Terminal/iTerm2, XCode, Simulator) is running with Rosetta. You can verify this by typing `arch` in your terminal.

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: this isn't technically bash.  maybe you want `console` or just leave it three ticks
